---
date: 2025-03-31
title: "March 31, 2025"
description: "Site updates for March 31, 2025."
---
Hello fluffs! Lots of changes for today and updates about things.
<!-- more -->

## New Site
You're seeing this on our new site. I believe it's time for a change. Don't get me wrong, I loved our old site, but it was time for a change.

## New Host
It's been over a month since we moved server hosts. Things have been looking great! Our network issues are gone, and services have been more stable. No shame towards our old server host, but OVH seems way more established and stable to use for the long term.

## Donations
As of now, the canine.tools project will take donations. You can see information about donations on the [donate page](https://canine.tools/donate). This page details information about donating to the developers of the software I host & how to donate to the project directly. Furthermore, portions of donations will go to charities. I'm not here to make money. This split of donations going to server costs and charities is for the long term and stands for what the project is here for. I do feel weird taking donations, but it's for a good cause in the long run.

## RIP LinkStack
I've decided to remove the LinkStack service. This service was our own Linktree. However, I've had nothing but problems hosting it. I've had the configuration randomly wipe itself constantly, making me set it up again. Furthermore, the built in themes did not work or had issues.

There were not that many users, so I decided to stop hosting it due to the problems.

## "Making sure you're not a bot!"
You will see this message on most of the services here. This is a new type of bot protection. I've been seeing a spike in scraping requests, so I decided to turn this on. This bot protection is on the server itself, so it's not being proxied somewhere else. If you have issues with this, please contact me and let me know.