---
layout: default
title: "Privacy Policy"
description: "Privacy policy information about canine.tools services."
permalink: /privacy/
---
These are terms users must follow when accessing any services provided by canine.tools. This was last updated 03/05/2025. Most of this was taken from [tux.pizza](https://tux.pizza).

---

### tl;dr
You are responsible for all content you share. You hold the rights to the content. By submitting content to canine.tools, you give us the right to display and distribute it for that application. You are responsible for the legality of your content. The data we store is only needed for services to run. NGINX logs collect what IP address visits what site. The content itself in each application is private. These logs are rotated and deleted once a week. No data is shared with other parties. Any service that requires user data (like account sign ups) are never shared with any other party. Backups are encrypted on the server and uploaded to Cloudflare R2.

---

### Content
On Services that allows you to post, link and otherwise make available content, you grant us the right and license to display and distribute your content on or through that Service (including via applications). We may format your content for display throughout the Service, but we will not edit or revise the substance of your content itself. The displaying and distribution of your content happens strictly only according to the visibility rules you have set for the content. We will not modify the visibility of the content you have set.

Aside from our limited right to your content, you retain all of your rights to the content you post, link and otherwise make available on or through these Services.

---

### Liability
You are responsible for the content that you make available to our Services, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.

In no event will canine.tools be liable to you or any third party for any special, indirect, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with our Services and content included on or otherwise made available to you through our Services.

---

### Your Data
We utilize [Plausible](https://plausible.io/) ([self hosted](https://plausible.canine.tools/)) for analytics. Below are the sites that use it:
* This site (canine.tools)
* cobalt (cobalt.canine.tools)

Plausible uses no cookies and is fully compliant with GDPR, CCPA and PECR.

Other data being collected is via NGINX, our server software. This data includes your IP address, user agent, referrer, status codes and what pages you visit. This data is not accessible via outside the owner of canine.tools. Logs are rotated and deleted once a week. This data is used for analytics & security monitoring. This is for all services on the *.canine.tools domain.

Some services may use cookies to store settings and other information (like login sessions). You can disable cookies on your browser if you don't want this information stored.

For services that require an account, this data is stored locally on the machine and backed up regularly. This data is not shared with any other parties, unless requested by law enforcement. Backups are encryption on the server and uploaded to Cloudflare R2.

Listed below are the different services and what data we collect for it.

#### PrivateBin
By using the PrivateBin service, you are providing us with content you submit to the site (a "paste"). Each paste is encrypted on your end, and we do not have access to the content of each paste unless you provide the decryption key.

Only the encrypted contents are stored via MySQL on the same server. This data is backed up, but we have no way to decrypt pastes without the decryption key, which is only generated by you.

#### Chibisafe
By using the Chibisafe service, you are providing us with a username.

When uploading files, data collected includes: IP address, time uploaded, and the original file name. This data is not shared with any other parties. It's only used to identify who uploaded what files for abuse. This data is backed up and stored encrypted offsite.

#### Vaultwarden
By using the Vaultwarden service, you are providing us with an email and an optional account username. This information is accessible only locally and will never be shared or used out of the context or your account. All passwords for this service are hashed, and cannot be easily decrypted via a database breach. All other account information is encrypted using your password, and cannot be accessed by anyone unless they obtain your password or can decrypt the database. This data is backed up and stored encrypted offsite.

#### Vikunja
By using the Vikunja service, you are providing us with an email and an account username. This information is accessible only locally and will never be shared or used out of the context or your account. Data for this service is not end-to-end encrypted, and can be accessed via the local database including Namespaces, Lists, Teams, etc. This data will never be sold or given away to anyone. This data is backed up and stored encrypted offsite.

#### LinkStack
By using the LinkStack service, you are providing us with an email and an account username. Your email address is kept locally and used for password resets and email notifications. Your username is public. All content you post to your profile is public. This data is backed up and stored encrypted offsite.

### Data Removal
If you wish to have all your data removed from canine.tools, please contact me at `hyper@canine.tools` ([PGP key]({{ site.url }}/assets/hyper@canine.tools.asc)). Please provide me with any data you want removed. Data removal can be access logs and account wipes (if the service has it).